update documentation for automatic remote model deployment (#6748)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/index.md

## Step 4: Deploy the model

> From 2.13, we support automatically deploy remote model by default so this step can be skipped. You can disable it by setting plugins.ml_commons.model_auto_deploy.enable as false. To undeploy the model, please use the undeploy API to undeploy it.

Reviewer: Should we remove this step altogether and just add a sentence to the previous step: `Starting with OpenSearch version 2.13, externally hosted models are deployed automatically by default when you send a Predict API request for the first time.`

Author: Let's keep this step because we still support manual deploy for the sake of BWC.

> Starting with OpenSearch version 2.13, externally hosted models are deployed automatically by default when you send a Predict API request for the first time. You can disable it by setting plugins.ml_commons.model_auto_deploy.enable as false. To undeploy the model, please use the undeploy API to undeploy it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with OpenSearch version 2.13, externally hosted models are deployed automatically by default when you send a Predict API request for the first time. To disable automatic deployment for an externally hosted model, set `plugins.ml_commons.model_auto_deploy.enable` to `false`. To undeploy the model, use the [Undeploy API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api/model-apis/undeploy-model/).
```

```json
PUT _cluster/settings
{
  "persistent": {
    "plugins.ml_commons.model_auto_deploy.enable" : "false"
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> 

Reviewer 2: User need to manually undeploy model if they don't need this model

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To undeploy the model, use the [Undeploy API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api/model-apis/undeploy-model/).

```
